\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename clasker.info
@settitle Clasker
@c %**end of header
@copying
Ticket manager with workflow support.

Copyright @copyright{} 2012  kidd

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU
Free Documentation License''.

A copy of the license is also available from the Free Software
Foundation Web site at @url{http://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl.html}.

@end quotation

The document was typeset with
@uref{http://www.texinfo.org/, GNU Texinfo}.

@end copying

@titlepage
@title Clasker
@subtitle Ticket manager with workflow support
@author Raimon Grau <raimonster@gmail.com>
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of the contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top, Overview, (dir), (dir)
@top Clasker

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@c Generate the nodes for this menu with `C-c C-u C-m'.
@menu
* Overview::
* Basic Usage::                 Copying This Manual

* Advanced Usage::
* User Manual::
* Plugins::
* Hacking::
* Copying This Manual::
* Index::                       Overview


Copying This Manual

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Overview

* Basic Usage::
* Advanced Usage::

Copying This Manual

* GNU Free Documentation License::  License for copying this manual.

@end detailmenu

@end menu

@c Update all node entries with `C-c C-u C-n'.
@c Insert new nodes with `C-c C-c n'.
@node Overview, Basic Usage, Top, Top
@chapter Overview

Clasker is a task managing mode with automatization in mind. Clasker
uses a special buffe, so text input is disabled by default. Let's say
clasker buffers are less 'open' than org-mode ones, but clasker makes
it easier to implement workflows over tasks.

The basic idea of clasker is that a ticket or task is just a set of
properties that is related to other tasks in a hierarchy.

Create new tickets with clasker-new-tickets (default binded to c), or
clasker-new-child-tickets (binded to C) to add new tickets as children
of ticket at point.

Navigate through the tickets with 'n' and 'p' for next and previous.

To edit a ticket, pres RET on a ticket, and a menu will appear with
the possible actions you can apply to that ticket. Default ones are
archive and edit.

There are plugins that can be activated to add all kinds of
functionality on top of this basic functionality. @xref{Plugins}.

@c (let ((symbols))
@c   (mapatoms (lambda (symbol)
@c     (when (and (string-match "^clasker-action" (symbol-name symbol))
@c       (functionp symbol))
@c       (push symbol symbols))))
@c   symbols)


@deffn Action clasker-action-archive
Archives the task. That's the recomended way to mark a ticket as done.
@end deffn

@deffn Action clasker-action-edit
Opens a buffer with the current description of the ticket. First line
of the description is considered the title and it's what will be shown
in the *Clasker* buffer. Next lines are considered the full
description of the ticket
@end deffn



@deffn Command clasker-new-tickets
The command to enter top level tickets to clasker. Clasker asks for a
title. Enter the title followed by RET. Clasker asks for more
tickets. Leave blank to finish entering new tickets.
@end deffn

@menu
* Basic Usage::
* Advanced Usage::
@end menu

@node Basic Usage, Advanced Usage, Overview, Top
@chapter Basic Usage



@node Advanced Usage, User Manual, Basic Usage, Top
@chapter Advanced Usage

@node User Manual, Plugins, Advanced Usage, Top
@chapter User Manual

@node Plugins, Hacking, User Manual, Top
@chapter Plugins

@node Hacking, Copying This Manual, Plugins, Top
@chapter Hacking

@node Copying This Manual, Index, Hacking, Top
@appendix Copying This Manual

@menu
* GNU Free Documentation License::  License for copying this manual.
@end menu

@c Get fdl.texi from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl.html
@include fdl.texi

@node Index,  , Copying This Manual, Top
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye

@c clasker.texi ends here
